hello dear friends with you on
bond claudia root and today we
bake carp on potato so
pillow like we have almost a kilogram I him
cleaned up
gutted see how clean everything is
cleaned the gills as we will
bake it whole huge means that
now i do now i'm on
salt our potatoes with sweat
we will mix the potatoes leaf pour
we distribute on a leaf now
our carp too salted belly will plant
top weat
also pepper
stop he was delicious also pepper
inside now we can it on
potatoes
see on the whole sheet our carp occupied
and now I’m smearing him with mayonnaise and here
I already smeared our map with mayonnaise
mayonnaise if you have at hand is not simply
just grease and
now I put in the oven heated to
200 degrees for 40 minutes and this
the beauty we have turned out very
delicious fish potatoes too
roasted very nicely
bon appetit and good luck to you